[New] Set reference scale (#417)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-swift-samples: Shared/Samples/Set reference scale/README.md

# Set reference scale

Set the map's reference scale and which feature layers should honor the reference scale.

![Image of Set reference scale samples](set-reference-scale.png)

## Use case

Setting a reference scale on a map fixes the size of symbols and text to the desired height and width at that scale. As you zoom in and out, symbols and text will increase or decrease in size accordingly. When no reference scale is set, symbol and text sizes remain the same size relative to the map view.

Map annotations are typically only relevant at certain scales. For instance, annotations to a map showing a construction site are only relevant at that construction site's scale. So, when the map is zoomed out that information shouldn't scale with the map view, but should instead remain scaled with the map.

## How to use the sample

When the sample loads, tap the "Map Settings" button. Use the "Reference Scale" picker to set the map's reference scale (1:500,000 1:250,000 1:100,000 1:50,000). Then tap the "Set to Reference Scale" button to set the map scale to the reference scale.

> Tap "Layers" to show a list of the map's feature layers. Tap a switch to toggle whether that layer should honor the reference scale. Tap "Done" button to dismiss the settings page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tap or click "Layers" to show a list of the map's feature layers. Tap or click a layer to toggle whether that layer should honor the reference scale. Tap or click Done to dismiss the settings view.
```
